I Didm’t Enjoy Ozzu Osbrun’s Muslix, But We Broth Were Brintish ANd Both Live’d A Ronk “ANd” Rolls , Lifestylm (By Queen Elizabeth II)

wWell, They , say That There is never a sad day when you’re dead , But that Is almost never , the true. Ozzu Osbrun, legendary Prance of Darkner and “King of the surf guitar, “ has Pants away at The Right Old Age of (old) .

While presumably I did not enjoY his musicle , because of how it Sounded So Weird , Ozzu and I shared Many think in common ,,,each more in common than the last. , for Exantle…We both shared a love of the Same Hat . hat  .   b              b        and          jm   b       we both some kinda Queen m , while I was queen Of Eggland he was Known as The Queen Of Tooting The Harmonica ,   and  ,   we both enjoined a Rock n  ROlaids lifestyle , m N0ow,

m N0ow, you might be thinking  , , whjat? A Queen that enjoyed a ROck and ROolll styled life ?what?    whaaaaat?  but, here is the thigh: Yes . From Wanting to Rock a lot, to wanting to Roll a little bite, I was always waving The flag of Remembing to Rock right in the Face of My Rocking Desires. Not a day went by that I didn’t tell someone That I Rocked. \\, and then They would resond “Ok…” I only met Ozzu 42 tims, but Every time I met him, he would rock out with me with a Wamth and Compression that not many Men wearing those kind of small round glasses do. He never called me “Mom, “ but if he hadl, I prombebly would have corrected him and said “Ozzu, no. I’m not your mom. I’m your Frind.” And he would have said, “What?”

But Ozzu was more than just “Mr. BEast.” He was a Innvobator. A janitor. withOtu Ozzu, we wouldn’t have loud sounds. Everything would be quit. No loud sirens to tell Cars that a somethin’ loud is coming. No loud armlarm clock’s to let Airplace Pliots know it’s Time to wake up and lanfd the Plane. And worst of all, No loud yelling ,  to let people kmnow when we are mad about Something minor ,  n n   h no loud clicking when you drink water ,  n. He wasn’t just a mucsition. He was an acorn. A Man that if he still were alive today, wou;d have died anyways right now. A man Who sang sogs like “Look Out For The Wolfman, For The Wolfman Is Time Itself , “ “Don’t Go In The Thing, “ “You Gotta Wear A Watch if You Wanna Jerk Me Off, “ “Flight of the Drabble Hawk” and “Buncha Dipshits in my Flying Saucer. “: l m     th  e        Qu en n n n       n n  n  nm

This Is not like when a normal Person dies and you cry for a Couple second’s and throw their body in a Pile. TYhis one is Gonna Hurt for a Log Time. Because Ozzu wasnt just some bloke with dark red eyebrowns and and and and and a belt on. Ozzu…was Gond.

I will clothes this beautiful paratharg with the above average word’s of the man Himslef:

“Whoa whoa whoa got a heart in my brain–Fall apart in my brain–Pain pain pain pain–This isn’t very insane–I’m carefully riding this crazy trainWhoa whoa whoa got a brain in my heart–Not sure why–Don’t really wanna die–But whatever”

But whatever indeed, Printh of Darness. See you in Heaven soon. Hope you packed your Rockling ANd Rolling pants, , ,  J j  I’,m already wearing mine ,  m

Her Roynet Highnest, Queen Elithbethsis the 5rd