Just Becaufe You’r Old Doesnt Mean You Automantically Like Other Old Peoaple (By Queen Elizabeth II)

longd

lodge in  USSRNAME QUwNN

PANTS SWORD Chralads1948 ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

,,,,,,,

,,

,

,

,

,,,,,,,,,,,,3,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,just beauan e yourolddoesnt mean oyu automanticaly like otheroldpeople,just befauce you;teolddoesnt maen you automantivaly like otheroldpeopel jusg because youreolddoesnt meanyou automabically like othertoldpeopleHELLO! JUSTT BECAUSE YOU’FE ODL DOENESNT MEAN YOU AUTHNOMATICALLY LIFE OTHEROLDPEOOKLE AND just bec

ause yot;reoldodesnt helloHELLO , it is the quann.

One of the biggest assumptors thstpeoplemake is that if your a

OldPersonyou auntomantically like otheroldpeople. N

no.

it’s totly untrue. Persoanlly, I am about asoldas I can geth, and even as I break New frontiers of oldness I still really dont wanna like otheroldpeople. why? well, for one, they’re areold. For two, a’moldtoo, which y means I auntomatically like E ERYTHUNG a lot less then everyone else. As you can see this Combos nation you’ld Add up to me not really being impressed with otheroldpeoplea t all.

Sometime;s I see a fewoldpeopletogonther and I think “oh great, not this.y” Personally I;d rather see aoldwith a youngpersonor aoldpersonall by themselvf than 2+oldpeopletongs gether m, When you got a lottaoldpeopletogether what are they gonna do? Play banketball? No. Nothing. Maybe at most they’ll will Hold onto some playing crads, not even playing game just looking at shape’s and number;s on the cards and thinkins “Ah yes, card.” This is tontally dissapointing.

When you go to an enxersice class foroldpeople, what are they do? Sit on a the ball, roll aroundoin the water , maybe even just hold they’;re arms over they’;re heads for 3 seconds and leave , but When you got to a youngpersonexctrecise class what do you see? Jumping! Boncing! Leaping! There feet rarely tounch the growund, and when they do, it’s not a big deal. Whenoldpeoplefeet touch the ground everyone know about it.

Does this make me “racist agsintoldpeopole?” Yes , But It’s OK. And for that, I am thankful. When my hubsard died  , a lot ofpeoplesuggerted I marry another man who was asoldas him. What. The whole reason he die’d was because he was so tontallyold. I want a youngth man or nothing at all , Lotta young misters like to have aoldquen wife , porbably.

OK well I;ve coveresd the negative;s of an “oldonold” friendship m, but what about the positivies? We’ll, there arent any . Sure , you might know the sameoldsong called”We Go Togehter Like Soup And Potatoes Cried The Chimney Sweep“ or broth know a lot of trivia about Yarn , but otherewise, let’s just keep it to a minunume. Chuch, Busness, and nods on the sidewalk , That a bout all I need from my fellow olds , and all I expect they need form me as well.

Thans, you for your understanding

Her Royard Higness,

Quen Elisdrath 2rd