Nine Time; s Out Of Ten When YOur Try To Do SOmething Your Gonna Fail But One Times Outta Ten YOuur Gonna Do A OK Job (by Queen Elizabeth II)

Log in

Into

Comoputer

Log into

QUENE password Charlney1948

Have logged

Greetiung, failers. Youever wonber why when youydosomethinglottatime;syou;refailit? Well, let me in on a little secretion: NinetimeoutofTenyo;re going totrytodosomethingyoure going tofailit,butonetime’souttatenyoulregonnadoaOKkob ,

You seep, not everoybody is bron todogood job on thing that they want todo, In factm some of the best people atdothinge (actcor Keemu Reef, singer Beyondmeat, ) were really suoer trebible at it when The first start. Remembmpiner bicylce expart Lanch Armstong? Well, let just say firsttimehe rod onto bicyle he crash into pond. It took himNINEtime’sto ride bincycle until he coulddoaOKjolb , ,riding perfenclty into pond without crash , f

I wonce saw a small child man Sitting on a Small child man saw a sitting man  , small. And cry. So I said, Child, what wrongth?” He say , Og queen , my father die, I Have nooneleft in the wrold, “ “oh” I said. “Tryagain , littleone” “becasue” “if you give up now , how yougonnadothat?” “What you mean, Qeheen?” said little Round boy . confusing boy. “I men, little roundbar, That just because This father doenst workoutdones mnt, mean that you wont find Aonethat even better than before , “ Sotryagon, tiny roundishone” “Butqueef, what?” He cried , unsure of what he was knowing. “I don”t wnat another fahter, “ “OKBoy, “ I scolded , “ well, if you;re going to Give up now there is No Chnance of anything: And I stumpled off into the woods and neighteroneof us was heard from again, ,

As You can see from My lovelingy srtory, Giving pup is never the ansmwer. Just todaydu I was remindered of This when I was tryingn to dry my hand’soff on a trowel, , lj FristtimeItry, still wet. Thought about to just give up and leave wet forever,Butthroat to myslef, “You know what, Igonnatryagrain. “ 2ndtime, same bromblem , still wet, “OK, wellm guess this just isn’;’t going to Workout, Maybe drying hands isnt my thung,. ,Butthen I rmensered the story I jsut wrote above, which I had wroted 5 minutes before hands got wet (it urine( so I trry again , 3,rdtime. Guess what? Still wet :                 4, 5 6   ,  6 ,    tim 3,4 hj,     68281timesand you Know what? Hands now Pretty much drsy.,

I gus that goe’sto Shorp: NietimesoutOf teoyourgonanfailbutonetimesoutof 10 oyu;re going todoanOKjomb,  ,

Thknas you For hearing my Idea,

You’re Loyal Rajesty,

The Queneingland 2