Your,e  Never To Oold To Die Snorkleking! (By Queen Elizabeth II)

Well, we’ll, wi’lll, if it’s Not me,       ,      the gueen! Ready for Bloggg as always .   Laterly, I’ve been tninking About how We Trent our old people. . m Now, I was Old , but I was also quuuuen , so, brobably didn;t actually get treate  ]d  like Rengular old Perton Because I coul easill y have man poisoned who rude. , tome . ,, did that a l ot , but  NUT B j n         BUIT We hear in sociempty a lot , “Old peoople Can’t do that! Old peopl ke not good  at computr, old peop;lle not able to Eat, ,       mold people not smarf ect ect…. But Let me tell, oyu , as someold who once old as well as someone who Died ,m that Your never too old to die snorkelking!

Snorkelking is awesom e hobby that kills all sort;s of people of all ages Every Year. It just a sterdeotype that Old peopl le are too old to Die from snorkelking. Just look at the new’s: 81-Year-Old Man Dies While Snorkleking in Obamas. 93-Yeaol-Old Snorkleking Man Drowns Ooops!. Elderly Croumple Found Washed Up On Beach (maybe not snorkleking but maybe!)…Old Man Stabbed To Death Right In The Face By Snonkle (new york time/s March 2019)…Clearly there no age that dyign from snorkleking become’s not happenable. lotta times they die

The reality is, thant Whistle old peiople may not be as Stong and and Fast as rengular peopole, their’re sort of people Too, , And that mean;s that they mihgt be abmle to achieve something. While so one ever Gonna wirtie a book aboutr something old people done, or care , it Doen;st mean that it’s not still techincally possiblity for old Peopleson to Do Something.   m  ,   When I died of Snorkleking at the Extremely  ripe old age of 9,6  , It wasn,t reallt condinder a achievment because I  no body really care . News not talk about it, snorkleking community not talk about it, people just kinda embarassed to think about it really and I get it. But you know whar? Sometim you do a thing not for the admidamption of others, but for the crollitude you f eel. Don;t need to be on the cover of the newpsaper anywhere but the newpsaper in my Own Brian. And the head line readed: “QUwnn Eliblent Dio  i jn   n  bb  ihhyg fgj I=jh bbbv    k km

Diedm AGe 96 She Was Snorkelkin VerySuccessfully But Still Died oh well”

Ihop that my stor y care unspire some Oldpeople to GEt out There,   put that Curved Tube into They throat , Put thre gongles on they’re head wrong,   And dive into those Unchartened Walters. Feel  the  clod , pollunted water on you;re skin , and terrtyfy the fish and sea turbles away. Let your sagging , spottled skin become one with the wave’s m , See the lambency of the sun light Broekn by the watter;s surface into patterns of unexplainable misery, and find some Old Cans and Rock’s down there. Sink dow  into the snad , and Forget how to swime, and let the Hell Calmly Pull You Down. Be stung by those urchin’s and hated by those mussells , and let Your Biggest mistake become your Greastest Achievement. Die Snorkelking, no matter how old you are and how easy it would be to Not die , just power through and you’;ll soon be worshipping me On my thron in the afterbirth , , .

Always fun to blog with you! I hop  bn   j b          fff

-Her Royal Magnetshe, Queen Elizblent 2    k, Queen   ,